chore: add deprecation notice to README (#10)
buildkite-plugins/cluster-secrets-buildkite-plugin: README.md

**⚠️ Important**

> This plugin has been deprecated, and will no longer receive updates. Please use the [Secrets Buildkite Plugin](https://github.com/buildkite-plugins/secrets-buildkite-plugin) in your pipelines.

Reviewer: I would add more details, something like:

```suggestion
This plugin is no longer maintained and has been deprecated. Secrets are no longer scoped to individual clusters, making this plugin unnecessary. Please use the [Secrets Buildkite Plugin](https://github.com/buildkite-plugins/secrets-buildkite-plugin) for managing secrets in your pipelines.
```
